good evening ladies and gentlemen we are
tonight's entertainment I only have one
question where is Harvey Dent you know
where hobby is you know who he is and a
free boy
Harvey I need to talk about something
just something little Oh No
come on out there wait
hey guys I've got a panic room wait hey
you know I'll settle for a loved ones
we're not intimidated by thugs you know
you remind me of my father hated my
father okay stop
but hello beautiful
you must be Harvey squeezed
and you are beautiful
will you look nervous is it the scars
you want to know how I got them
hey
so I the wife beautiful like you
who tells me
I worry to watch who tells me I ought to
smile more he'll Gamble's and gets in
deep the Sharks
one day they carve her face normal I for
surgeries she can't take it
I just want to see her smile again how
does were under no but I don't care
about the scars so
I stick a raisin in my mouth and do this
myself you know what
she can't stand the sight of me
she leaves
now I see the funny side
now I'm always smiling lil fighting you
I like that
drop the gun oh sure you just take off
your little mask and show us all who you
really are
go
very poor choice of words